The scene-based application of blockchain is a topic that everyone is most concerned about. More people are no longer concerned about various bottom layers and so-called technologies, and they hope to apply them more. In the last session, we focus on a tracebility application. This time's project is a very popular topic for people's livelihood: can the blockchain be used in the travel industry?

Can blockchain technology subvert the tourism industry? Recently, this question has aroused the attention of many people both in China and other countries in the travel industry, especially an OTA platform, which pays special attention to this issue, because once the decentralization of the blockchain becomes a reality, the OTA's platform status will be affected, even be subverted.
Airbnb subverts the traditional hotel industry through a decentralized internet model, but it does not bring long-term benefits and the “capital co-prosperity” between homeowners. The blockchain may allow more hotels or homestays form a community of interests on the blockchain ecology.

In theory, blockchain poses a great threat to many companies that act as transaction brokers, because these middlemen will no longer be necessary. Accommodation companies, GDSs, OTAs, and travel management companies have dominated the middleman business. However, the blockchain may lower the threshold for new companies entering the industry. Some blockchain companies have even claimed that they want to create "travel distribution without middlemen."
With the involvement of some senior travel industry professionals, more and more people in the industry have begun to believe that blockchain can subvert tourism. Tourist middlemen will find it hard to make money or even disappear.

In the Chinese Internet industry, Qunar.com has always been a bad boy who challenged the traditional game rules of the tourism industry. Although they were eventually acquired by traditional Ctrip after their successful IPO, this did not break the passion of Qunar.com. Dai Zheng is apparently a reluctant person. As one of the founding team members of Qunar.com, he returned to the tourism industry after his second venture and hopes to rise through the blockchain once again.

UTour - Distributed Travel Services ( DTS ).The first main chain of global tourism industry.
